The entire car was burnt.  Everything got burnt.  So guys
, like this Lumbard instead of improving his own service.  They are
publicly giving me legal thread.
As you
saw in my previous video that my Skodaw caught fire
and my car insurance was
from I Lombard.  With whom my
experience was not good at all.
They changed my Charp Claim Manager in one day.
After that, their
investigation officer who came had
no knowledge of vehicles at all.  He was asking me
whose wire is this going to?
Where is this wire going?  And where is the fuse box
?  Still I cooperated with him completely.
After that the claim manager
rejected my claim saying that you have got
after market fittings installed in it.  When
I asked for details from them, instead of
providing the details, they
told me that if you have a big issue then you can
file a litigation against the company and
take legal action against them and the company will give
you the answer there.
Apart from that, on 28th January 2025, I received an email from ICICI
and a message that my claim has been
rejected and I will get its hard
copy by post at my address,
which has been 4-5 months now.
I have not received it yet.  So due to this whole bad
experience, I shared my entire
experience on YouTube and Instagram.
So instead of helping me, Lobard
publicly commented
that if I did not delete this video immediately,
he could take legal action against me
because
he was being defamed by this video.  His reputation is getting tarnished.
All of you
supported me a lot in that comment.  You
gave a befitting reply to the company.  Because of that, I got
a call from such and such a long time ago.  He said,
Sir, we will recheck your investigation
and revert to you in two to three days.
I got a call after two to three days.
You said, Sir, sorry, we
cannot pass your claim because there is any
after market fitment in your report.   When
I asked for details, he
said, Sir, there is some wire which was after market and that is the
reason for the fire.  I said,
tell me what was his connection?  What was that
wire made of?  What is it connected to and
what is its connection with fire?  So he did
not have any specific answer.  He said it might be
connected to the stereo or speaker.
So I said, do one thing, email me the complete
report.  I will check it.
Then I will go and see
what I have to do.  He said, okay sir, we will
share the details with you in some time.
So guys, after some time I got an
email from ICICI LBR and in that they
clearly wrote that they
cannot share the findings of the investigation with me,
which they had told me on the call that they were
emailing me.  So you can see
that if a company can publicly give me legal threats,
then what kind of services would they provide and
I read many of your comments in
which you people had written to me that I should
file a case against ICICI Bank.
So let me tell you all that
I have filed a case against ICICI Lombard in Jaipur Lok Adalat
and I have
full faith in the judiciary that
I will definitely get justice there and truth will prevail
and I received one more email from ICICI Lo
LBA in which they clearly told me
that no such unprofessional thing was said to the Claim Manager of ICICI Lo LBA,
so I want to play this call recording to ICICI Lo LBA and to all of you in
which the Claim Manager is clearly telling me
that if you have any issue then you should
file a litigation against the company.  Hello hello yes yes
Nitesh ji hello I am Akash speaking that was
from Skoda, the case fire,
so has that been done, when has that been done Akash
ji, the verification of that has been done,
in the report that has come, it is there that you have got some extra fitment done in the vehicle, no sir there is no extra fitment, no it has absolutely come in the report and
they have given the knock line report, get your
vehicle repaired, you can get it checked at Skoda, you can get the
vehicle checked at Skoda sir.   I
mean, let's assume that if he goes out,
he is asking me what is this wire
going for?  What is this thing
that you came to inspect?  Brother,
what do I know about?  You should
know that you are the one who inspects more.  Let me show you.  If
you think this is the wiring then
some extra fitting might have been done.  There is no extra fitment,
brother.  Music system, speakers all are
company fitted.  The ones I have with me are from the time I bought the car.   This is the
fitment from the time the car was purchased.   It is the same
till the speaker.  The original is still running.
No, this is the report we have received.  So she wo
n't do it, sir.  Hey brother, accept them,
now show them to some martyr who
knows how inspection is done.  If this seems like
we used to take the company job then you can
process it further in litigation.  The company will
respond on its own.  Sir, because
I have updated you with the report that I have received.
So guys as you saw in the recording
what is the service of this company and
I want to tell ICICI LBD and all of you that
my main motive of uploading this video is to share my personal
experience.  Being a conscious citizen, it is
my duty to
share the truth with you all.  The
problems I had to face, the troubles I had to face,
I don't want anyone else to face them.
So instead of publicly threatening me, the company should
improve its service.
They should improve their own employees.
Because the employees of his company
themselves are defaming his company and
not me.  So guys
buy cars with their hard earned money.
Pay insurance premium from your hard earned money.   To
assure ourselves that if
anything happens to the vehicle, the vehicle is insured and
we will get a claim for it.  But when it comes to actually
taking the claim, the
insurance companies reject the claim by giving various excuses.
I
read all your comments and many people had the
experience that their claims were
rejected by the company citing different reasons.  So
share this video so much that not only
ICICI LBA but the video reaches all those
insurance companies and they come to know
that these companies are dependent on the customers and
what is the real power of the customers so that
instead of cheating the customers, these companies should take
their claim process forward properly.
So guys thanks for staying till the end in the video.
Keep your support like this.
If you liked the video then please like and
comment.  Share this video with your
friends and subscribe to our channel
Explore With Us.  So see you
in the next video.
Thanks till then.